# Notes

## Estimation and Inference

Population parameters are unknown? True
Parametrics model have finite number of parameters? True
The most common way of estimating parameters in a parametric model is: Using the maximum likehood estimator.

## Null hypothesis

A p-value is: the smallest significance level at which the null hypothesis would be rejected
Type 1 Error is: Saying the null hypothesis is false when it is actually true
You will find trhough a graph that there is a strong correlation between Net Promoter Score and the visual time that customers spend on a website. Select the TRUE assertion: There is an underlying factor that explains this correlation, but manipulating the time that customers spend on a website might not affect the Net Promoter Score they will give to the company

## Exam

1. Which one of the following is common to both machine learning and statistical inference?
    * Using sample data to infer qualities of the underlying population distribution.
    * Using sample data to make inferences about a hypothesis.
    * Using population data to model a null hypothesis.
    * Using population data to make inferences about a null sample.
    * Correct. In both machine learning and statistical inference, we're using sample data to infer qualities of the underlying population distribution.
1. Which one of the following describes an approach to customer churn prediction stated in terms of probability?
    * Predicting a score for individuals that estimates the probability the customer will leave.
    * Churn prediction is a data-generating process representing the actual joint distribution between our x and the y variable.
    * Predicting a score for individuals that estimates the probability the customer will stay.
    * Data related to churn may include the target variable for whether a certain customer has left.
    * Correct. Churn prediction is often approached by predicting a score for individuals that estimates the probability the customer will leave.
1. What is customer lifetime value?
    * The total value that the customer receives during their life.
    * The total churn generated by a customer over their lifetime.
    * The total purchases over the time which the person is a customer.
    * The total churn a customer generates in the population.
    * Correct. Customer lifetime value consists of the purchase amounts over the entire time that a person has been a customer.
1. Which one the following statements about the normalized histogram of a variable is true?
    * It serves as a bar chart for the null hypothesis.
    * It is a non-parametric representation of the population variance.
    * It provides an estimate of the variable’s probability distribution.
    * It is a parametric representation of the population distribution.
    * Correct. The normalized histogram of a variable estimates the variable’s probability distribution, and the estimate improves with the amount of data used.
1. The outcome of rolling a fair die can be modelled as a _______ distribution.
    * uniform
    * log-normal
    * Poisson
    * normal
    * Correct. The chance of rolling any particular value for a fair die is equally likely, so the outcome is uniformly distributed.
1. Which one of the following features best distinguishes the Bayesian approach to statistics from the Frequentist approach?
    * Bayesian statistics incorporate the probability of the hypothesis being true.
    * Frequentist statistics incorporates the probability of the hypothesis being true.
    * Bayesian statistics is better than Frequentist.
    * Frequentist statistics requires construction of a prior distribution.
    * Correct. Bayesian statistics allows for experimenters to incorporate their prior beliefs of the [population] distribution [of a given variable]. For frequentists, it's solely based on the data available. [that is, there is no formal mechanism in frequentist statistics for incorporating prior knowledge, one ‘lets the data do the talking’]
1. Which of the following best describes what a hypothesis is?
    * A hypothesis is a statement about a sample of the population.
    * A hypothesis is a statement about a population.
    * A hypothesis is a statement about a posterior distribution.
    * A hypothesis is a statement about a prior distribution.
    * Correct. A hypothesis could be suggested by a sample of the population, but it is a statement about the entire population.
1. A Type 2 error in hypothesis testing is _____________________:
    * incorrectly accepting the null hypothesis.
    * incorrectly accepting the alternative hypothesis.
    * correctly rejecting the null hypothesis.
    * correctly rejecting the alternative hypothesis.
    * Correct. A type 2 error is incorrectly accepting the null hypothesis.
1. Which statement best describes a consequence of a type II error in the context of a churn prediction example? Assume that the null hypothesis is that customer churn is due to chance, and that the alternative hypothesis is that customers enrolled for greater than two years will not churn over the next year.
    * You incorrectly conclude that there is no effect
    * You incorrectly conclude that customer churn is by chance
    * You correctly conclude that a customer will eventually churn
    * You correctly conclude that customer churn is by chance
    * Correct. A type II error means that you incorrectly accept the null hypothesis, so you incorrectly conclude that customer churn is by chance.
1. Which of the following is a statistic used for hypothesis testing?
    * The likelihood ratio.
    * The rejection region.
    * The acceptance region.
    * The standard deviation.
    * Correct. The likelihood ratio can be used as a test statistic, to decide whether to accept or reject the null hypothesis.
